I
everyone today I'm going to show you how
to make roti it's Indian flatbread and
for that we need a flat surface here I
have a wooden board and a flat rolling
pin this is from India so let's get
started
here I have a dough just make a round
ball of a dough and we need a loose
flour we're going to dip this in the
loose flour and then start rolling it
and we're going to roll it in the
circular motion with the gentle pressure
and we're going to keep rolling around
and round and round with the very light
pressure you don't want it to just press
it so it sticks to the bottom so just
keep rolling from the side and rotating
with the other hand
it needs some practice and patience but
you will get it right so roll it until
you have a desired size of roti and now
we're going to roast it here I have a
pan ready I'm going to put the roti on
it and we're going to roast it a few
seconds on each side
so the first side very few seconds and
the second side we're going to roast it
a little longer until we see all the
bubbles forming
now as you see it started forming some
bubbles and now we're going to put it on
the flame side down and make sure the
flame is on high and see how it puffed
out this is how we want enjoy it
you